Editing process and map of parts of app to change

1. EDITING PROCESS

1.a. Git pull

Always begin with the command in terminal:

"git pull"

This will pull any changes that were added.

Think of github like google docs but where you can 
only see changes to your folder if you pull it from the 
main github repo.

1.b. Git add, git commit and git push

Always end your editing session with:

1.b.1 "git add ." 

this adds all changes that you made to be staged to be uploaded. 
The "." just means all files. If you did "git add peer_app.py" it would staged
changes to the peer_app.py only.

1.b.2. "git commit -m "ADD LANGUAGE HERE""

Git commit adds a little note about the changes. You can be broad. For ex.

"git commit -m "Changes to color of adequacy level container""

1.b.3. "git push" 

This pushes all the changes to the github repo online.

2. CONFIG file

In the .streamlit folder. You will add changes as if it's
a text file and save when you are done.

[theme]
base="light" keep this as is.
backgroundColor="ghostWhite" This changes the background color (unless CSS code in the peer_app.py specifies a different color). It can be a hex code too. for example "#FF0000" would set it as red.
secondaryBackgroundColor="lavender" This changes colors of secondary elements (again unless CSS code specifies otherwise). Right now it only changes the color of dropdown menus.

3. MAP OF PARTS OF THE APP TO CHANGE

Right now, stick with text edits and color edits.
Search for "# OTHER WORDS" to find the section.

The map will go in order of the code.

3.b. Change title wording - 

line 302 - # Erykah - Header title.

3.c. Change tab names - 

line 304 - # Erykah - Change tab names.

3.d. Language for "Landing page" tab -

lines 306 - 318.

3.e. Changing color of dynamic text for adequacy level

Right now Illinois text is set to red. Other districts are set to red if it's negative and a blue teal if positive.

Change color for each of these to get a different color text.

This sets the color when illinois is selected.

.adequacy-level .illinois-text {
    color: #C4384D !important;
    font-weight: 700 !important;
    font-family: 'Poppins', sans-serif !important;
}

.adequacy-level .district-negative {
    color: #C4384D !important;
    font-weight: 700 !important;
    font-family: 'Poppins', sans-serif !important;
}
            
.adequacy-level .district-positive {
    color: #20a3bc !important;
    font-weight: 700 !important;
    font-family: 'Poppins', sans-serif !important;
}
